Fix testing database doc (#3987)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/testing/database.rst

**$basePath**

By default, CodeIgniter will look in **tests/_support/Database/Seeds** to locate the seeds that it should run during testing.

> You can change this directories by specifying the ``$basePath`` property. This should not include the **Seeds** directory,

Reviewer: This should be singular instead.
```suggestion
You can change this directory by specifying the ``$basePath`` property. This should not include the **Seeds** directory,
```

but the path to the single directory that holds the sub-directory.

**$namespace**

By default, CodeIgniter will look in **tests/_support/Database/Migrations** to locate the migrations
that it should run during testing. You can change this location by specifying a new namespace in the ``$namespace`` properties.

> This should not include the **Database\Migrations** path, just the base namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should not include the **Database\\Migrations** sub-namespace but just the base namespace.
```
